Add note re about:// instead of chrome:// to handbook. (#5542)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/handbook/grammar/index.md

Use _pane_ to refer to the content areas associated with tabs—unless you're referring to an area in DevTools; then use _panel_.

> Use `about://` instead of `chrome://` for built-in URLs in web.dev articles. This generalizes these URLs to all Chromium forks. Typing `about://` in such a browser will redirect to a browser-specific page. For example typing `about://` in Microsoft Edge will redirect to `edge://`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `about://` instead of `chrome://` for built-in URLs in web.dev articles. This generalizes these URLs to all Chromium forks. Typing `about://` in such a browser will be rewritten to a browser-specific scheme. For example typing `about://` in Microsoft Edge will be rewritten to `edge://`.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more background on this rule, see the article [How to set browser flags in Chromium](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/browser-flags/).

```
